Add support for Cirrus CI (#1191)
pypa/cibuildwheel: README.md

`cibuildwheel` runs inside a CI service. Supported platforms depend on which service you're using:

|                 | Linux | macOS | Windows | Linux ARM | macOS ARM |
|-----------------|-------|-------|---------|-----------|-----------|
| GitHub Actions  | ✅    | ✅    | ✅      | ✅¹       | ✅²       |
| Azure Pipelines | ✅    | ✅    | ✅      |           | ✅²       |
| Travis CI       | ✅    |       | ✅      | ✅        | ✅²       |
| AppVeyor        | ✅    | ✅    | ✅      |           | ✅²       |
| CircleCI        | ✅    | ✅    |         |           | ✅²       |
| Gitlab CI       | ✅    |       |         |           | ✅²       |
| Cirrus CI       | ✅    | ✅³   | ✅      | ✅        | ✅        |

<sup>¹ [Requires emulation](https://cibuildwheel.readthedocs.io/en/stable/faq/#emulation), distributed separately. Other services may also support Linux ARM through emulation or third-party build hosts, but these are not tested in our CI.</sup><br>
<sup>² [Uses cross-compilation](https://cibuildwheel.readthedocs.io/en/stable/faq/#universal2). It is not possible to test `arm64` and the `arm64` part of a `universal2` wheel on this CI platform.</sup><br>

> <sup>³ [Uses cross-compilation](https://cibuildwheel.readthedocs.io/en/stable/faq/#universal2). Thanks to Rosetta 2 emulation, it is possible to test `x86_64` and both parts of a `universal2` wheel on this CI platform.</sup><br>

Author: As I said in my previous comment, I'm not sure cross-compilation is the right term here, could anyone confirm whether "emulation" makes more sense here?
```suggestion
<sup>³ [Uses Rosetta 2 emulation](https://cibuildwheel.readthedocs.io/en/stable/faq/#universal2). Thanks to the emulation, it is possible to test `x86_64` and both parts of a `universal2` wheel on this CI platform.</sup><br>
```

Reviewer: Well, technically it's both! Cross-compilation is right, the wheel is built using cross-compilation, but we can still test the wheel using Rosetta 2 emulation.

I think the existing copy is fine as-is.
